---
title: 'Streams, jobs and the works'
description: "Another post, more stuff"
pubDate: 'June 16 2025'
//heroImage: '/blog-placeholder-3.jpg'
previewImage: '/blog-placeholder-3.jpg'
---

O7!

Hello there :D It's been a couple of weeks!

Just a teeny update from me, a quick rambling video i will post in a bit!

It covers what my plans are for the furute of my content. If you couldn't already tell, i am a massive Final Fantasy fan! It's one of the many franchises that defined who i am as a person and my tastes in games and music! For the forseeable future, i would love to stream the entire franchise! The plans are for the mainline games (mainly those numbered) and a couple of spin offs, off the top of my head would be the Tactics series, be it FFT itself or the 2 advance games! I will have to look into stream GBA games and DS games as well. Emulation for those 2 is an option, but i have no clue how i would obtain original copies of the games. We'll have to see! Those wwould probably be like at least half a year down the line, so i won't have to sweat it too much if i'm honest.

At any rate, the plan would be: Stream a game to it's completion -> Script and publish a video, rinse and repeat! I do have a couple books on the history of the franchise, so i'd love to also include history of the game if possible!

Other plans for videos i'd like would be: the Kingdom Hearts franchise, Metal Gear, Silent hill, and many more! I'd also like to post more shorts about my raid shanenigans, i seem to get pretty good retention on it.

Other than that, what to say? Perhaps irl stuff.

My work has been okay, i've been trying to add more stuff to this site, as you can still see as of this day there's still those placeholder images, and i'm looking to embed videos into my posts here. I've also started picking up drawing! I can't draw to save my life, but i would like to express some things i have in my mind through pen, paper and possibly a digital platform when the time comes! School's also been okay, i've been keeping up with my studies pretty well.

Soon as well, i want to make a game as well. Look forward to it!

Once again, thank you for reading this and supporting me. Look forward to more things coming!

-Sasame